Window vs Document in JavaScript
WINDOW
Window is the main JavaScript object root,  the global object in a browser, also can be treated as the root of the document object model. You can access it as window.
The window is the first thing that gets loaded into the browser. This window object has the majority of the properties like length, innerWidth, innerHeight, name, if it has been closed, its parents, and more.

Since window is the global object you can reference any properties of it with just the property name - so you do not have to write down window. - it will be figured out by the runtime.

DOCUMENT
The Document object (DOM) is your html, php, or other document that will be loaded into the browser. The document actually gets loaded inside the window object and has properties available to it like title, URL, cookie, etc.  if you want to access a property for the window it is window.property, if it is document it is window.document.property which is also available in short as document property.
window.document or just document is the main object of the potentially visible document object model/DOM.

Document 
It represents the document loaded inside the window or browser.
The properties related to it are stored in the document object.	
It is loaded after the loading window because the window contains a document.
It is the root element of the document object model.
It is an object of window.	
We can not access windows objects properties inside the document.	

logically:
document:{ properties}	

Example: document.title will return the title of the document

	Window 
  It represents the browser window in which you are seeing the content.
  The properties related to it are stored in the window object.
  It is loaded before the document because window container document.
  The window is the global element for all objects, functions, etc.
  It is an object of the browser.
  We can access document object properties inside the window.
logically:
    window:{
        document:{properties}
    }
	Example: window.document.title will return the title of the document.

